We call it direct meritocracy because
we do have voted representatives but
you don't have to give them your merits
the voting power of your merits. You can
give it to them but you can also always work
directly with your shares whenever you like.
What is the future for cities? Do you want to
learn more about them? Do you want to know how
others think about them? Do you want to be part
of the conversation? Then this is the right place.
Welcome to what is the future for cities
podcast. I will interview Vitadlichka,
president of Liberland. We will talk about
his vision for the future of cities, direct
meritocracy, good and bad governance elements,
establishing a new country and many more. [Music]
Merritocracy is the key point and I like
that Musk started to talk about meritocracy
recently. So you can see that like people are
on the similar mindset and meritocracy for
example in Singapore means something a little bit
different than a corporate structure when it comes
to governance like people are rewarded really
for their service to government and they don't
evaluate it with shares but in Singapore there
is also this strong notion of meritocracy but
liberal and meritocracy is something different
it's really inviting these corporate elements
into the organization of the society while we
are also democracy because we let the majority
of citizens to veto any rule or even person
in the government that they don't like. But
we don't give the democracy the option to rob
other people. We don't give the democratic
element the the option to make the decisions
on behalf of minority. It must be the majority
not of citizens but of the shareholders or of
the shares that make decisions in Liberland.
Find out more in episode 370 with Vitadlichka
on the What is the future for cities podcast?